Project Description 
Tyler Valentine

My project is a mech combat game based on the Battletech universe. Rules are included in game but I will go over
everything here as well per the instructions on moodle.

The game opens with an introduction to the universe and the situation that the player finds him/herself in. After
reading the rules and some opening text the user is prompted to select from one of 4 mechs (giant fighting robots).
Each mech has different attributes with some having more armor and firepower and others being harder to hit.
The key attributes for each mech are as follows:

Armor: each mech has 8 components that represent the Head, Left and Right Arms, Left and Right Legs, Left and
Right Torsos and Center Torso. The amount of armor on each component varies from mech to mech with the slowest
mechs having the most and the fastest mechs having the least. If all of the armor is destroyed on either the head
or the center torso of a mech the mech is destroyed. Additionally if all of the armor on both legs of the mech is
destroyed the mech is destroyed

Speed: Speed determines how hard a mech is to hit, The higher a mech's speed the higher the 'dice' roll that is
needed to hit that mech. The least armored mechs have the highest speed and vice versa.

Weapons: Each mech as a different array of weapons including LASERs, Autocannons, Particle Projection Cannons and
Missles. Firing weapons and scoring hits removes armor from the enemy mech but also generates heat. The player needs
to weigh what weapons to fire against their current heat levels. If heat rises above 30, the mech will shut down
and the player will have to cool off for a round.

Heatsinks: Heatsinks dissipate heat at the end of each combat round.

Once a mech has been selected the user reads through more text setting up the main confrontation of the game, a one on
one fight between the player and the leader of the enemy forces. Each round the player will be able to fire weapons
and use their sensors in an attempt to destroy the enemy mech. After each player turn the enemy 'AI' will fire back
at the player mech with a variety of weapons that are determined by a random dice roll and its current heat level.
Once one of the mechs has been destroyed the game ends with appropriate text.

I hope you like it! 


Included main files:

Mechwarrior_Main.cpp
weapon.cpp
weapon.h
Mech.cpp
Mech.h

Additional files include txt files for function input and screenshots.